---
layout: post
title:      "Diving into the world of coding."
date:       2018-05-23 06:37:46 +0000
permalink:  diving_into_the_world_of_coding
---

### The *why?* and *how?* I came to end up at the Flatiron School.

"What do you want to be when you grow up?" It's a question asked to every child over and over again until they actually do - grow up. My answer was always the same, "I want to be a professional athlete or a gym teacher". Two very different goals that, spoiler alert, did not pan out.  For the former I truly was just not talented enough and the latter ended up not being quite the glorius job I idolized as a kid. With those two childhood goals thrown by the wayside it was off to college for me. During my tenure there I changed my major more than I am proud to admit, much more. Nothing that I tried really lit that spark in me, nothing I wanted to jump headfirst into it and commit myself to. Three years of moving from *pre-med* to *exercise science* to *business* to *underwater basket weaving* lead me to the realization that maybe its just not the right time for me to be here racking up debt and stressing myself out. 

With college out of the way for now it was time to get a job. Growing up an playing sports year round left me little time to gain any significant work experience up to this point. Through a few connections I was able to get hired on as a "tenter". A low level employee at a company that put up those enormous event tents you see at weddings, concerts etc. This was a great time in my life as I was finally making money and able to go out and enjoy that money. For about 5 years I worked for this company. I was able to move out of my parents house and really start a life for myself. But the inevitable reality of working for a small company came to bite me in the butt, no more room for career growth. I was offered a promotion to put me in a position just below the operations manager/owner. But wait, wasn't that the job I was already doing? And since you weren't there, the answer is yes. It was at that point I knew that I needed something more to ever move up and reach the career goals I had set for myself. So, back to college.

Having racked up credits my first go round this was going to be a cinch. I put all my effort into getting that majestic sheet of paper that proves to employers that I am worth something. Took up political science because it was a major interest of mine and it would also allow me to graduate in two more years. I pushed through those two years and came out the other side with a degree and honors to try and set me apart from every other graduate walking accross the stage on the same day.  

I think it helped a little bit. My job search was short and with my shiny new degree I was able to land a job at a very reputable Fortune 500 company as an account representative. This meant I would spend the next two years of my life learning the sales trade. As far as valuable skills go I think that sales is up there at the top, and that made my time there worth much more than just a salary. In the end it just wasn't for me. I knew that if I stayed any longer then it was going to be what I did for the rest of my life and so like I had a few times before, I took a detour.  That detour was in the form of an opportunity to move to Australia and explore the world that I had seen so little of. I was able to hike volcanos in New Zealand and swim with sharks at the Great Barrier Reef, all of which had been unbelievably eye opening, but the real world was calling me back. 

I wasn't just going to go back to the states to do a job I could phone in every day to bring home a paycheck. So I got to asking myself a similar question to the one that is asked to every child over and over again, "What do I want to be when I grow up?"(See what I did there). I dove deep and looked at what I really enjoyed doing with my life. After cutting out things like 'eating' and 'napping' I was left with a short list. At the top of that list was computers. I have always had a strong relationship with computers and electronics, whether it was through video games, social media or just day to day interaction with my phone. The next search I put into google was "jobs with computers" and the first thing I saw was Software Development. Through more research into job markets, responsibilities, salary and so on I found that it seemed like a perfect match for me. The next google search I did was "how do I learn to be a software developer?". I spent hours and days pouring through the different options. Another four year University degree was out of the questions. Living in Australia with plans to move back to the US made it hard to attend an in person bootcamp. This lead me to the online program here at Flatiron School. It was great, they offered a chance to test the program for free and learn a little bit about coding. I jumped on that as fast as I could and from there I was hooked. Now I am jumping in headfirst into the program and we will see where it goes. 



